readme.md, before:

# jitify-cub-1.15-MSVC-demo

This repostiory demonstrates compialtion errors in CUB 1.15.0 under MSVC, when jitify.hpp is included prior to cub.

i.e. 

```c++
#include "jitify/jitify.hpp" // before CUB, MSVC compile error.
#include <cub/cub.cuh>
int main(int artc, char* argv[]) {
    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

MSVC will error with the following

```bash
_deps/thrust-src/dependencies/cub\cub/device/dispatch/dispatch_segmented_sort.cuh(338): error : invalid combi
nation of type specifiers 
```

If instead jitify is included after CUB, it builds ok. 

This is new with CUB 1.15.0.

See the github actions for build logs, otherwise the below instructions can be used to reproduce this behaviour.


## Instructions

Calling CMake from the command line, the following will demonstrate the compilation issue. Alternativly the same can be achieved via the CMake GUI.

```bash
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake ..
# Jitify-after-cub compiles ok
cmake --build . --config Release --target jitify-after-cub
# Jifity-before-cub will error with CUB 11.5.0
cmake --build . --config Release --target jitify-before-cub
```

The CMake Cache Variables `THRUST_TAG` and `THRUST_REMOTE` may be used to change where Thrust is fetched from at CMake Configuraiton time. 

I.e. to instead fetch Thrust 1.14.0:

```bash
mkdir build-1.14 && cd build-1.14
cmake .. -DTHRUST_TAG=1.14.0
# Jitify-after-cub compiles ok
cmake --build . --config Release --target jitify-after-cub
# Jifity-before-cub will compile ok with  CUB 11.4.0
cmake --build . --config Release --target jitify-before-cub
```

Some (older) CMake Versions may also require setting the `-A` and `-G` options. I.e. for a Visual Studio 2019, 64x build add the following at configure time

```bash
`-A x64 -G "Visual Studio 16 2019"
```

Commit message:

Change project to correctly emphasize windows.h not jitify (but it impacts jitify)

readme.md, after:

# CUB-1.15.0 and Windows.h compiler error

This repository demonstrates compilation errors in CUB 1.15.0 under MSVC, when `Windows.h` is included prior to the inclusion of `cub/cub.cuh`.

i.e. `src/windows-before-cub.cu`

```c++
#if defined(_WIN32)
    #include <Windows.h>
#endif
#include <cub/cub.cuh>
int main(int argc, char* argv[]) {
    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

Which when compiled will lead to compiler errors:

```bash
_deps/thrust-src/dependencies/cub\cub/device/dispatch/dispatch_segmented_sort.cuh(338): error : invalid combi
nation of type specifiers 
```

CUB 1.14.0 does not suffer from this issue.

This impacts the use of NVRTC and [NVIDIA/Jitify](https://github.com/NVIDIA/jitify), as `nvrtc.h` includes `Windows.h` if `NVRTC_GET_TYPE_NAME` is defined to a non-zero value (as used in Jitify).

Including `Windows.h` *after* including `cub/cub.cuh` compiles successfully, but this order cannot always be guaranteed. 

See the github actions for build logs, otherwise the below instructions can be used to reproduce this behaviour.

## Reproduction Instructions

This repository contains a CMake project which can be used to fetch a specific version of the Thrust (and therefore CUB) repository and build two targets, demonstrating the impact of inclusion order.

CMake can be used from the command line or the GUI to achieve this. Command line instructions are included below.

By default, Thrust/CUB 1.15.0 will be fetched, demonstrating the issue.

```bash
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake ..
# windows-after-cub compiles ok
cmake --build . --config Release --target windows-after-cub
# windows-before-cub will error with CUB 11.5.0
cmake --build . --config Release --target windows-before-cub
```

Older versions of Thrust/CUB can be fetched instead, using the `THRUST_TAG` and `THRUST_REMOTE` CMake variables, which may be passed to CMake at configuration time. 

I.e. to instead fetch Thrust 1.14.0 (in a separate build directory):

```bash
mkdir build-1.14 && cd build-1.14
cmake .. -DTHRUST_TAG=1.14.0
# windows-after-cub compiles ok
cmake --build . --config Release --target windows-after-cub
# windows-before-cub will compile ok with CUB 11.4.0
cmake --build . --config Release --target windows-before-cub
```

Some (older) CMake Versions may also require setting the `-A` and `-G` options. I.e. for a Visual Studio 2019 x64 build use:

```bash
cmake .. -A x64 -G "Visual Studio 16 2019"
```
